The Joe Rogan experience. You come in here moving and shaking. Man.
You come in here making deals you're on the phone already. Gotta do it.
You're always moving.
I mean,
is there anything else to do <laugh> is there anything else to do
besides no. You want to get ahead? No, no, especially not now, man.
Hunters hunt. Yes. Those that don't do get eight.
The last time you were here, man,
that was one of the most inspirational podcasts I've ever done. I left that.
I literally had a shift in the way I was looking at things like you put an extra
gear in my step that day, I was like, oh,
I love being around people like you, my guy, people around you, you, you,
people like you, you're, you're going for all the time. And it's infectious.
It's like, uh, you're you, you give off energy. And when people are around you,
they want to, they want to get done too. It's cont yes.
It's contagious. It's not, it's not just me putting that out. I think that, uh,
the last time I was here,
our conversation was such a great conversation because there was,
there was, we both had point of views, right.
And when we shared the point of views,
you elevated the other person's POV.
Like when we were talking and I was telling you why I live the way I live,
why I am the way I am. You springboarded then you said, yeah, because ke for me,
I've been doing this and, and we had this ying and yang thing going. Yeah.
And it, and it drove the conversation. I told you, you know,
before we jumped on one of the,
the best interviews that I've ever done. And from a feedback perspective,
with people that just loved what the discussion was, uh,
loved the tone of the interview. The things that was said, uh, felt inspired,
motivated after it was just great. All around for me checked all the boxes. It.
Was for me too.
And I got a bunch of great responses from my friends from fr that's when I know
it's good. When I get friends and my friends are all like pretty unanimous.
They're like, that is a motivational. Wow. Like that dude gets done.
When people hear stuff like you like someone who's oh, excited about life,
excited about doing things. You know, there's something about at that it's fuel,
it's fuel for PO fee. We need that. Everyone needs that.
You know, I don't even, this is, this is not a cheesy segue.
All right. This just makes sense from what you just said,
what you just said is the reason why I did the decision.
You said people need that it's fuel. Yes. Right?
I feel that in today's time, what people are most selfish with is information.
Hmm. Nobody wants to give information. You gotta ask for it.
If you ask for it then, all right. Maybe, maybe I'll tell you some stuff,
but it's a search and fine. You mean real good.
Information.
Information, information,
a about how to get to success. That's the,
that's the one from everybody across the board on some level. Right? Okay.
Everybody's success is different. This doesn't mean fame and, and stars.
I'm not talking about that level of success for everything. I'm saying,
whatever your version of success is to get to it.
Information from someone that's done it,
or that's partaking in it in some degree will only add
to the value of your journey. It's only going to make it easier.
It's not to say that you gotta do what they said, but be with that information,
you're able to process it. Maybe use it. Maybe not right, but you got it.
Right. That's what I wanted to do. I said, yo, I got, I got a, I got a life.
I got a hell of a life that I've lived full of. Ups, downs, potholes,
cobble stones, speed bumps, flat row.
U-turns some smack brick walls that I ran into. Uh,
you know, some revolving doors of back and forth and through it, all,
my mental has only gotten better because I feel like I've been in,
I've been in a mental gym, the mental fitness that,
that coincides with life, you know, it should get better. It should,
you should get wiser. You could get smarter,
you should be able to make better decisions.
And all of my decisions came from the massive amount of fuckups
and I can now share those fuckups.
I can now share the rights and the wrongs and the way that I handle all of the
things that I've done and people can just take that information and go, wow. I,
I never looked at it like that. What.
Gives him a better view of the landscape? Yeah.
Especially when someone like you, you,
you almost seem like an unattainable person. Like how, how, how does he do that?
How is he doing that?
How does this guy go from Philadelphia to be one of the biggest movie stars in
the world? How does he become one of the biggest standup comedy stars ever?
How the do you do that? You almost seem like an alien. Yeah. You know,
to people in the time.
But then when they hear you talk about your real life and talk about these
fuckups and talk about these successes and talk about the lessons that you've
learned, man, that's fuel for folks in a way that nothing else is because it's,
there's a lot of people that are bullshitting online.
There's a lot of these motivational speakers that haven't done. And it's a,
it's a weird thing. It's like, they're,
they're trying to give you motivation by like sort of reciting
things that they think are gonna work or think they think.
That they think you wanna hear, but they haven't done anything.
<Laugh> someone who's done something. When you say it, people are gonna listen,
they're gonna go. Oh, and you're so honest about everything.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> which is every that's everything to people.
Because when you are pure, when you, you are your words,
are your people take them right in, they come right in there's no,
there's no like, ah, this guy's kind of selling me something. Oh,
this guy's selling.
Yeah. I got, I got nothing to sell. I had a, uh,
I had a talk with chase, like, uh, chase, JB, Morgan, chase,
the partners of mine. And we were doing this more, not we were, we are,
we're doing this thing called advancing black pathways, right.
Where we're trying to cure financial literacy in the black community.
We've been we're on like year number two right now. Right?
And there was a conversation where, you know,
they wanted to have said, bankers,
go and talk to the kids in the inner city. And I was like,
you can't,
you can't send a white man that works for JP Morgan
chase to the inner city of sad community hood,
whatever,
to talk to these young black kids that has no idea about the life that the black
kids live in. I said,
what you need is people that have actually come from these environments.
They have made it out of the environments and now understand
how money works. Because now when I talk to you,
I'm not talking to you at hypotheticals and I'm not preaching to you about what
you should do and what you gotta do. I said, I'm telling you what I did.
That didn't work. I'm telling you I off money. And I'm telling you what?
I didn't know. Hey guys, here's a fact.
There is no education that comes with money in the black communities.
It doesn't, you can go search for it. There, there isn't one. It does not exist.
There is no one that is outright teaching the kids in a black community.
How to operate financially,
how to set up for your future. There is nobody talking to you about ownership,
homes, mortgages, investments, stocks that doesn't exist.
It doesn't exist. It's not until you get out of that environment that you meet.
Some people that are planning their life accordingly,
that you start to ask questions. It's not till maybe college.
And on the later side of it,
that you're with people that are getting jobs in the future that you start to do
it. There is no prep or education at a young age. I said, so you need a,
you need a man that can go there and go, man.
<affirmative> let me tell you why y'all gotta stop taking these free credit
cards.
Let me tell you why you gotta stop putting a cable in somebody else's name and
continuing to it up.
Let me tell you why you gotta stop being okay with not having a bank
account. Let me tell you why you gotta stop using the check cash in place.
There's nobody giving that information. Mm-hmm I said, that's what I am.
So if we're going to have a relationship,
let's build it off of something authentic.
Let's build it off of something that people can go.
I get that since then to go back to your point.
My relationship has been based on me telling the truth.
I told JP Morgan chase.
I wanna go to the inner city and I wanna have these discussion, but let me have,
'em my way. I don't wanna have it in a JP Morgan chase way.
And I gotta credit them for backing me because they align me with other people
that share the same stories that have achieved certain levels of success,
that speak to the same thing. So everything that I've done,
everything that I'm trying to do, when I do you talk about it, I come proven.
I'm only talking about this because I really got knowledge about it.
I don't got knowledge about it because I'm the smartest world.
That's not where the knowledge is coming from, Joe. My knowledge is coming from,
Hey man, yo, don't walk through door. Number one,
I walked through that door. There's a monster in there.
There's a bunch of in that door. <laugh> it?
Wasn't until I came out that door that I saw those monsters that I knew the
other monsters weren't as bad and door number two,
but door number three is finally where you should go. I messed up, man.
I went to the first two doors wrong.
Why can't I give that to somebody that, that hasn't experienced those doors yet?
Why can't I just give that information and possibly prevent them from walking
into.
Those doors? And that's, what's really valuable for people listening. Yeah, man,
that's, what's really valuable. Yes.
Someone who's actually done it and done it wrong and done it. Right? And like,
Hey, listen, I up. This is how I up. That that means so much to people.
It really you're. You're advancing people's possibilities.
It's I think that's what life should be about. Yes. If, if as,
as adults, as adults, we have a job to do,
whether you wanna admit it or not,
your job is to set up the next generation.
That's our job. Whether you wanna admit it or not, it it's your kids.
It's your friends. It's whomever. You are supposed to live a certain way.
Do certain things to set up for the next generation to come and to
be able to do better. If you don't,
then you are not doing your part. And if the world never grows,
you gotta raise your hand and be responsible. Mm.
Cause you are a part of the lag. Yeah. You're part of the delay.
If we look up in 15, 20 years and we are in the same spot,
what that means that our ground breakers was doing all the during that 15,
20 years never shared the information so that these new people could come
through and break new ground. Yeah. Somebody gotta do more than what the I did.
I don't care who it is. Right. But you gotta do more. Right.
Somebody gotta do more.
Somebody gotta break these records and you already believed the trail. Yeah.
This all I did, all I did was show you, Hey man, Hey, they stopped here,
but I kept going to the left.